Good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
I have an urgency to pray tonight, so I am not going to talk a lot.
We are going to pray.
We are just going to jump right in the river.
I thought I would come prepared instead of having to cultivate it and then jump in the river.
I have been doing it all day long for what he has had me on assignment for.
Something major is about to happen, and as I stepped over in the spirit when I was listening to these songs, I have just been in that place of prayer all day.
I have been in that place with Diana and having him go through and, like I said, I feel like I am being examined right now.
You know, whenever you have his gaze—is what I want to call it—he is examining you.
He is looking over you with that magnifying glass.
I told her, I said, 'I feel like I am being stripped as you are asking him to go to the next level, as you are asking him to go to this next place.
' She has been reading this book to me and going over all these things of the bait of Satan.
This book is just beautiful and it is exciting.
A lot of correction, a lot of going from glory to glory, changing you and making sure that you are examining yourself underneath that potter's wheel with him, saying, 'God, am I where I need to be?
' I felt like we should just jump right in it.
Don't worry about it.
Okay.
That is awesome.
Sorry.
I saw you eyeing me sometimes like, 'What?
' I was like, 'What am I doing?
' No, thanks, appreciate it.
I was like, 'What am I doing?
Is it my vitamins?
' Well, no, it is fine.
We do not have to do any of that right now.
You were just making me nervous because you were eyeing my face and I was thinking, 'What did I do?
What is wrong?
' I like, 'You want to talk here?
Take it, because you are making me nervous.
' I know when you are staring at me, I am thinking, 'What is going on?
' We are just real, y'all.
But she is feeling better, you know.
Yes.
Thank you.
Stupid COVID virus.
Thank you all for your prayers.
She says, 'I can taste things today.
' Yes, I am so thankful.
Thank you guys for praying for me.
Eating lettuce without dressing, she goes, 'I don't even know why I'm eating.
' She goes, 'If you can't taste dressing, why do you even eat it?
' I started eating salads without any dressing on it.
I couldn't taste because it has been about six days.
It is just habits.
Like, why am I doing this?
I can't taste it.
She cannot even taste it anyway.
So why am I wasting calories on it?
You know, going there, and that is where we are, too.
I have been working hard on my eating right.
One of the things the Lord has been talking to me about, like I said, is examining myself and examining our family and our eating habits and things that we are going over.
I really started out the year thinking, 'Well, we are going to lose weight, we are going to exercise, and we are going to do all this stuff.
' Then you let one month go by and then another one goes by, and here we are going on into the third month of the year this week.
The Lord spoke to me in my dream again and I said, 'Okay.
' So over the last four days, he got onto me.
He said, 'How do you know where you are, Brandon, if you do not weigh every day?
You must weigh every day.
You must take account of everything you are putting in your mouth.
Watch your calories, watch the things that you are doing.
' It is not just, 'Well, you know, I am trying to eat right.
' He said, 'You are eating right, but you are eating too much of eating right.
' Watch and monitor the calories of what he restricted me to in a diet and logging it.
Be intentional about your eating, so that you live this way.
I thought about doing a weight loss challenge with everybody, because there are so many of the body of Christ that are overcoming this.
Especially in the Pentecostal realm, the charismatics have a lot of weight issues.
I have noticed.
To be that fit body, to be that body that is ready for these end times, is going to be a body that is bridled.
How can you be bridled if you are not bridled in your eating?
That is why he was really like, I came on, you know, even with what I told you all about pressure and rejection and overcoming that bully mentality of what I went through as a kid, finding comfort in food, and going to the store and finding things that are organic.
I am going to find this and it is organic, it is going to be okay.
I will eat this ice cream or I will eat that because it is organic.
And I don't know, it is just she is just teaching me.
Going through the store today, I met one of our watchers, our Instagram watchers.
Do I have stuff on my face still?
No.
Okay.
Making sure.
Well, I love you.
You have any right to say something.
But meeting somebody today in the grocery store and saying, 'Hey, I watch you on Instagram.
' I thought, 'Wow, I forget that I am on Instagram,' because Braden is the one that does all that.
I do not pay attention to all that social media stuff, but he is awesome.
He uploads all that every day, all day doing that in the school.
He is like, 'Dad, I put that out for you.
' She was like, 'I watch you on Instagram.
' I thought, 'Isn't that interesting?
You don't watch us on YouTube.
You watch us on Instagram.
' Just going over things, y'all.
I think it is just time to get real with stuff and really search ourselves out for what the Lord said about 1 Corinthians 5:5 this year.
He said, 'I will hide you in the cliff, Brandon, for what is coming.
I am going to shake the church.
I am going to shake the nations, and it will be on the just and the unjust.
There is going to be a major shaking to awaken in all these areas.
' He said, 'I will hide my remnant in the cliff of the rock.
' I saw that shaking, because if you are already awake and you are already dealing with stuff, he is not going to have to shake you to awake you.
You are already awake.
But I saw the body of Christ; there was a remnant of us in the cliff of this rock.
I saw this hatch over it and the glory was over it.
I just want to stay in that, like what Kathryn Kuhlman always says, 'Let me be the apple of his eye.
' Where is that scripture about the apple of his eye, love?
She talks about it all the time.
I know it is in Psalms.
David said it, I believe.
But just asking him to search me and know me.
I expect over the next 6 months that I am going to be 60 pounds lighter and I am going to go back to where I was whenever the Lord challenged me the first time in my sleep.
Psalm 17:8, David prays, 'Keep me as the apple of the eye.
Hide me under the shadow of thy wings.
' Psalms what?
17:8.
Keep me as the apple of eye.
I want that.
That your gaze is always upon me, that you are always looking towards me, that you are examining me.
Even whenever there is something that you do not like, change it.
Create in me that clean heart that whenever I stand before you, I am that vessel that has been purified by fire.
Purify my heart.
Let me be as gold.
That ladle of his hand scooping the impurities out of your life, even whenever they are rising to the surface and you feel so vulnerable.
That is what I have told her.
I feel you feel so vulnerable lately when his gaze is upon you, when he is cleaning you up, and you are getting that self out of the way, and you are going, What hides?
Well, your walk is an issue.
Okay, what else can I do to exercise, take care of yourself, there are other things.
Look at this.
As you deal with that stuff, and when John read that little bit about what he said about leadership and about the fatherless, what I have always gone about the fatherless, the body of Christ that does not have a dad, there are a lot of fatherless children out there that need this.
I felt like a lot of times, this part of this chapter spoke so loud to me.
So I thought if it spoke so loud to me, maybe it would help you because there are certain things that she said today.
Go ahead and just read some of that.
It is really good.
I have seen this cry.
So, it says, Where are the fathers?
I have seen this cry in countless men and women in the body of Christ.
Most of them are young and with a strong call of God on their lives.
They cry out for a father, a man to disciple, love, support, and encourage them.
This is why God said that he would turn the hearts of the fathers, the leaders to the children, the people, and the hearts of the children to their fathers, lest I come and strike the earth with a curse.
Malachi 4:6.
Our nation lost its fathers, dads, leaders, or ministers in the 1940s and 1950s, and today our condition is getting worse.
Not unlike Saul, many leaders in our homes, corporations, and churches are more concerned with their goals than with their offspring.
Because of this attitude, these leaders view God's people as resources to serve their vision instead of seeing the vision as the vehicle to serve the people.
The success of the vision justifies the cost of wounded lives and shattered people.
Justice, mercy, integrity, and love are compromised for success.
Decisions are based on money, numbers, and results.
This opens the door to treatment such as David received.
After all, Saul had a kingdom to protect.
This type of treatment is acceptable in the leaders' minds because they are pursuing the furtherance of the gospel.
How many leaders have cut off men under them because of suspicion?
Why are those leaders suspicious?
Because they are not serving God.
They are serving a vision.
Like Saul, they are insecure in their calling and that breeds jealousy and pride.
They recognize qualities in people that they know are godly and they are willing to use those people as long as it benefits them.
Saul enjoyed the success of David until he saw it as a threat to him.
Then he demoted David and watched for a reason to destroy him.
I have talked through with countless young men and women who cried out for accountability.
They wanted to be submitted to a leader who would disciple them.
They felt isolated and alone.
They were seeking someone to father them.
But God allowed them to go through rejection because God wanted to do in them what he had done in David.
Listen carefully to what the Spirit is saying.
David was concerned that Saul believed he was rebellious and evil.
David must have searched his heart saying, Where have I gone wrong?
How was Saul's heart turned against me so quickly?
That is why he cried out, Someone urged me to kill you, but I said no.
I only cut off the corner of your robe so that you could know and see that there is neither evil nor rebellion in my hand.
See 1st Samuel 24.
David thought if he could prove his love for Saul, Saul would restore him to favor and the prophecy would be fulfilled.
People who have been rejected by a father or leader tend to take all the blame on themselves.
They are imprisoned by tormenting thoughts of, What did I do?
and, Was my heart impure?
They sometimes wonder who turned the heart of my leader against me.
Then they constantly try to prove their innocence to their leaders.
They think that if they can only show their loyalty and value, they will be accepted.
Sadly, the more they try, the more rejected they feel.
So, I have dealt with this a lot.
That paragraph right there is a summary of my life.
I felt like when she read that to me, I was just going over this book, and it has helped me so much—the bait of Satan, and walking in offense towards leadership.
Who I always talk about, you know, when I say, Where are the fathers?
Where are the fathers of the faith?
There is so much rejection, and in our case, the Lord has blessed us so much with so many people following us so quickly.
It seems to be, the bigger it gets, the more rejection you receive from people.
She brought up some other ministries.
She said, Brandon, isn't it amazing?
Have you ever seen so and so do a conference?
They are always alone.
Why?
Because they have some of the biggest churches in Oklahoma.
He has the biggest church in Oklahoma.
He has plants around the whole world and he does not hang around this.
And then she went over, do you know this pastor?
And so we went over and I said, Isn't that interesting?
They are criticized more than they are about what they are not doing or how they are not preaching right or whatever.
And there is so much criticism towards it, but it comes out of a jealousy and an envy.
People compare because they feel less than.
And so I have realized as watching this, that is why some of these—because I always said, Why do they?
When she brought that up today, she was talking to me about it.
I said, Why do they do that?
That is interesting, love.
And we started going over it, and the Holy Spirit was ministering to me all day long.
And then he was dealing with me with this kind of stuff.
But we were praying for what is about to happen with Iran and the attacks on our soil, the storm that I feel is about to happen, that we are right at it.
And when I went into the spirit, I have been very watchful over how I release things when I am seeing it even live.
I hold things back a lot because of not feeling a release necessarily, because people cannot handle it, because you have such a variety of mature believers and immature believers.
And so it is interesting because that is why I try to say, and maybe I come across harsh saying, there is 99.
9% of you that have no idea how to have a relationship with him.
And the ones that are mature, because the mature believers go, Well, that is offensive.
And they are doing exactly what I am talking about.
Don't be offended.
I am not trying to pick at you.
I am saying I have a lot of people that do not have a clue anything about the spirit realm and you are trying to educate because there are no fathers teaching it at church.
There is not a lot of spiritual backbone at church anymore.
And I have noticed when I have a survey and I ask people, Where do you go to church?
We do not go to church.
We watch online.
We are offended.
We don't want to go to church.
And I come across more like to the lady today.
She went to church, a local church in Tulsa.
And it is very seldom that I come across somebody that says, Well, I go to church.
So, well, we do not go to church.
Well, why?
Well, because we were offended.
And that is why I wanted to bring this to the body of Christ even more after the Lord dealt with me about it.
There are so many fatherless children.
There are so many people that are not in church anymore because they do not want to go to church.
They are offended at the pastor.
They're offended at the Christian.
You know, brother, I don't need church anymore.
I find it online.
I teach.
And I was one of those for 10 years.
Diana and I wouldn't go anywhere because of Megan, and we said, Well, the last time the usher told us to get up and leave because she was disrupting service, I vowed I'd never step foot back in another church again until she was better.
Because it was so humiliating already to come because we couldn't put her in children's church because of how bad she was when she was really overcoming.
And when the usher asked us, say, She's a disruption in the service, sir.
Can you please leave?
And I vowed at that time, I told her, I said, I will never go back to church, and we didn't for 10 years.
We watched online only.
And I'm just being really transparent.
I'm just being real.
And I said, You know what?
Church isn't for us.
We'll just watch TV.
And I got so bitter and so offended in my heart about everybody in the body of Christ.
And I let that wall of offense build a mountain until the Holy Spirit started stripping it down and I realized I was wrong.
And yeah, that usher was rude, but he was just a cranky old man.
I forgive him.
And you move on.
But I know there's a lot of you that walk in that offense.
Well, you know, I was dealt this way.
I was dealt that way.
Why?
Because I come across you all the time and people tell me I only watch online.
I don't we are the church, brother.
We don't need to go to church.
But as I have read what Jesus said in Matthew 24 that many will be offended in these last days, there will be many false prophets.
And you start to put it together that the ones that are not being shepherded, the ones that are off in la-la land over here by themselves out of offense, that spirit of offense, that root of offense is what makes it where you don't have discerning.
You're not hearing him because if you can't forgive your brother of his trespasses, the Father said he won't forgive you of yours.
So, you've allowed that offense and that root of bitterness to come in your heart so much that I don't want to hear anybody at church.
I'm not going to go around the flock anymore.
And we did it.
I'm telling you.
And it took a breaking down, and I started going, and we went to Billy Burke meetings, and that's when we started getting free.
And I'm telling you, after you go to these things and you get a touch from the Father and you get a drink, you go, Man, I could just go and be a part of congregation.
And I'm telling you, Glorious and these some other places, I don't like to mention it because I don't want everybody saying, Hey, we're going to move there.
I want you to follow the voice of God for yourself.
Don't go to church somewhere just because I go to church there.
I want you to go to the church where God has called you to go to church, you know?
So, I stopped mentioning a lot of places that I'm at all the time because people try to move from all over and they move here.
One man moved from Florida, was here for a couple weeks, said, You know, Brian, this isn't for me.
I've got to move back home.
And I thought, Wow, that was sad.
He moved over 2,000 miles, was here for a month, sold his house, sold everything to come where we were, and didn't like where we were because it wasn't for him, because he wanted to copycat everything what we're doing and moved back.
I don't know if he was offended or not or disappointed or whatever, but moved his family back to the Orlando area, and it was amazing because I thought I got to watch really carefully what I say because there's so much influence in this channel that people will just pick up their stuff.
One man moved from Chicago.
These people, you just look at them going, Did God tell you to do that?
Because they act miserable.
What am I supposed to do now?
Well, I don't know.
I'm not your Holy Ghost.
If he told you to do something, you're going to have instruction and you're going to know what he's told you to do.
And that's what he went in this book.
Diana was reading this book and going over things.
So, just we're picking it like you would pick a chicken off a bone because I want to understand.
I don't want to live in that.
And so, with all the stuff that I overcome, y'all, we're all a work in progress.
And I say it over and over and over again, but it's like when you're dealing with different levels, different devils, and you're dealing with all this stuff, you realize the pattern of offense will keep you out of the will of God.
It will keep you in that place of lukewarm.
And because you're always just so touchy, and you go from one place to another offended because of what they said to you, and you go to the next church and you're upset at them, and well, you know, they're just like the other people.
And he talked about putting people at a standard.
He goes, well, the world doesn't treat you that way.
And I say, I used to say that all the time.
I bet if I hung around Brad Pitt, he wouldn't be that way.
Just being sarcastic.
And you keep Why?
Because what did John say in that book?
He said it's because the standard that you keep the people.
It's your expectation of them.
What are you expecting of the body of Christ?
You have them at a higher standard of what they should be than what the world would be right here.
Go ahead.
I realized that the love I was giving was being sown to the spirit and eventually I would reap those seeds of love.
I didn't know from where, but I knew the harvest would come.
No longer did I see it as a failure when love wasn't returned from the person I was giving it to.
It freed me to love that person even more.
If more Christians recognize this, they wouldn't give up and become offended.
Usually, this is not the type of love we walk in.
We walk in a selfish love that is easily disappointed when our expectations are not met.
If I have expectations about certain persons, those people can let me down.
They will disappoint me to the degree that they fall short of my expectations.
But if I have no expectations about someone, anything given is a blessing and not something owed.
We set ourselves up for offense when we require certain behaviors from those with whom we have relationships.
The more we expect, the greater the potential offense.
Yep.
The greater the relationship, the greater the expectation, the greater the offense.
And when you get around leadership, and that's what the Lord told me.
He said even in this one, I don't want you to be friends with the pastors.
I want you to honor them as pastors.
They're not your friends.
They're your pastors.
There's so many people say, Well, if I need to go out to dinner with you, I want to know you and I want to hang out with you, let's fist bump and have a donut.
But the more you get to know them, the more you realize that they're just as human as you are.
And that's why I even told the people that we go, Hey, listen.
I don't want to be your friend because you're my pastor.
I want to separate the friendship from a pastor because the more you become my friend, it's harder for you to be my pastor.
And you become too familiar with them and then you dishonor them.
And that's the same thing with my friend Billy Burke.
If you talk too much to them, you start looking at them as just a normal human being.
But God put them in your life to be that iron sharpens iron and that mentor.
There's a line that you don't cross even with joking with people.
The Lord said always maintain an atmosphere of honor when you're talking to him.
Do not dishonor him even if you feel well.
I am just kidding around with you.
That is why there is a place of honor that I try to keep; not that I am exalting a man of God, but I want to put that pastor in the place of, 'You are my pastor, you are not my friend.
' Does that make sense?
There are so many times that I see the congregation—even when I worked for that mega-church in Oklahoma City—always wanting to be the friend of the pastor.
Let us go to lunch.
Let us go have a golf game.
I want to go with you to golf.
Let us catch a movie or go to the gym and work out.
They tried to find some kind of ground on how to relate.
All of a sudden, that pastor they were teaching became no longer able to minister to them because they became too familiar with him and it becomes a toxic relationship very quickly.
I am going through all the things that I have overcome.
I have learned to pray and be an armor bearer, and the Lord said, 'Even where we are, sit on the back row and do what I have called you to do.
It is not for you to have a platform here; it is for you to get refreshed and go dump out more.
You have a platform; use it and minister to the millions.
Your job is to get refreshed, drink, and have some substance so that you are refreshed and you walk away going, I can go on another day.
' Because of the bombardment of growing and doing what God has called us to do, it is very interesting as you try to keep that equilibrium.
Is that a good way to say it?
It is an equilibrium.
There are so many of you I know—because I have the emails and the conversations in public—that say, 'Hey, I am offended.
I do not go to church anymore.
' Well, where did the offense come in?
How did that happen?
'Well, they said this to me.
' Did you get too familiar with them?
Were you a friend to the pastor?
Did you allow them to correct you?
Because I am telling you, iron sharpens iron.
When you see those sparks fly, it happens.
If you are not being challenged to grow...
Diana said, 'Brandon, the books that make me grow the most, like these ones, are the ones that I love.
' They are the ones that challenge you, where you have to think about it for a little bit longer.
You said, 'I want to throw it out the window when I am driving.
' Yeah, they make you get mad and you go, 'That is trash, I do not want to do that anymore.
' But it is sharpening, it is challenging, and it makes you self-examine.
Judge not lest you be judged; you judge yourself and think, 'Where does this fit me and where am I going wrong?
' There is somebody who said they read this book four times a year because it keeps them on track from being offended.
He said he reads it at the first of every quarter.
I thought, 'That is a wow.
' But it is how I am with the things the Lord has told me, even with deflecting and giving Him the glory.
I realize that I am like an airplane that just got off course.
Just a little bit.
The more you stay off course, the more you are flying way over here.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I told you to do this, this, and this,' and I go, 'Oh, forgive me.
' He will instruct you about your giving, where He wants you tithing, and where He wants you to stay on course.
There is so much—if you do not have those refreshers—there are distractions that pull you off.
It just takes a little bit; just a little nudge gets you off course.
It is the same thing with offense in your marriage and all kinds of things.
I try to bring these things to you because it really helps me.
It is the small foxes that ruin the vines, not the big ones.
Most people are looking for the major decisions: the divorce, or whatever you are dealing with.
It did not start with a divorce or adultery; it started with something small.
It was the small thing that you did not correct while it was small that exploded into something way over here.
You ask, 'How did we get this far off course?
' It is because you did not correct it back there.
Go back to what He instructed you to do before you even got to that place.
There are the footsteps to keep you on course so that you do not deviate.
If you do not correct it right there, the whole thing is falling down.
That is why I am telling you today, let that magnifying glass examine you.
I feel like I have His gaze; He is observing me.
There is this need to be fixed immediately.
I stopped.
How did I get so fat again?
I am just being real.
I weighed today and I was 287 lbs.
I said, 'Where did I go wrong?
' It was not the one ice cream; it was the snacking that added up day after day.
If you do not catch it, the habits end up making you big.
Habits form patterns.
It is something so simple and innocent at the time, but it is the little thing that takes you off course.
When you are way over here, you go, 'Oh Lord, I did not mean to.
' Stress, financial pressure, life pressure, daughter pressure; you allow that thing to push you and you have unhealthy habits.
You weigh yourself and you go, 'The clothes that are the biggest are getting tight.
Correct it.
' I am here again.
Same mountain, same thing.
You go around that mountain all the time.
You did not learn from the last time.
I told her before, when I was sacrificing and was exercising so hard, riding five miles a day on my bike.
I'll never be here again.
I'll never do this again.
The next thing you know, one bite at a time, you go over here.
That's why I challenge myself today.
By the time my birthday comes, I want to be a certain amount of weight again, but I don't want it to be some place I visit.
I told her, I said, How do you renew your mind to it that this is not a place you visit?
That the Holy Spirit says this is a place you must live, for I want you here and I have a job for you to do.
If you keep going down this road, Jack Coe went home early because of obesity and he had a major call on his life and he was warned.
Jack Coe went home early; there are other big ministers that went home early that had major calls on their lives that died early because they had addictions to things.
Some people had alcohol addictions.
Some people went off in weird left-field theology.
Some people went off and did certain things.
You go, I'm not going to throw rocks at glass.
You know, what do you say?
Braden says, Well, you have a speck in your own eye and all that.
We go over that all the time, but I've just tried to be somebody that you all know because I know there's so many people that deal with certain things.
Does that make sense with y'all tonight?
I mean, it all started with offense; that is where a lot of it comes back to the root, is offended at stuff, offended at comments, offended at people.
You try to bury things with food and the bully mentality, coping mechanisms.
Some people grab alcohol, some people grab marijuana, some people grab maybe some drugs or whatever.
Some people grab lust and pornography or bad material to read or whatever, but certain people deal with certain things.
I'm not sitting here justifying anything.
I'm just trying to say the only one that is going to ever set us free—you'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
But when you start to realize, hey, I've got a problem, it's realizing it and confronting it and embracing it and saying, Listen, I'm going to expose this.
I don't want to live this way no more.
I don't want to be a statistic.
I don't know, it's just healthy things.
Where are we going to be with the body of Christ with this end-time glory, going from glory to glory?
We all have something.
We've all got something we're working through.
But I believe the root of many things starts with offense, or bitterness towards your wife, your husband, your kids, your pastor, your boss, your neighbor, your mom, or your dad.
You've got something that you didn't get rid of the root of, and you thought, I've got to fix this.
So Braden told me, I never try to sell you anything.
Never.
Never will I ever try to sell you.
I try very hard to always do exactly what the Holy Spirit has done, and I've done it.
He showed me this thing about these little emojis.
YouTube will let us do little emojis on the chat.
When you all want to talk, you can use custom ones that are a dollar a piece.
You can charge whatever you want for them.
I would do it completely for free.
The minimum is 99 cents.
That's the lowest you can go.
I can put these little stickers that you all can use, like, go tubing, the greater glory things that are fun that Braden wanted to design.
I never want to get you all upset about anything because it's a dollar.
I would give it away for free, but it's YouTube's thing.
I think it's fun and I told him, if you want to do it, he's told me, Dad, are the people going to be offended because it's a dollar?
I said, I don't know, but I'll present it to them because it's him.
He's wanting to do it and he thinks it's fun to make these little emojis because he watches the chat with you all.
He's like, Do you think the people will get ticked off because it's a buck?
He goes, Dad, I'd charge them a quarter, but it won't allow me to.
I'm not presenting this to you asking for permission; I'm just going to tell you it's going to be there and if you want to buy it, it's for YouTube.
He thought it would be fun to play around with.
If you think it'd be fun, you can do it.
If not, there's nothing there.
It's for every 30 days.
YouTube tries to do something to drum up money, but I thought it was cute, his little things that he was showing me.
He goes, Dad, I have all kinds of fun ideas to put little stickers and things for the people to play with.
But he goes, I don't want to ever overstep the boundaries of what the Lord has told you, Daddy, to get you in trouble.
I don't think the Holy Spirit would be grieved about it.
I prayed about it and I told you I'd present it to you and it would be something fun maybe for you to do.
He put me in a raft and they're go-tubing.
When I say go-tubing, you can play with them.
He had all kinds of things that he was thinking about.
Every time you say let's go tubing, they all put the emojis of like a water raft or something like that, but they don't have anything custom for you.
I thought that'd be funny.
So, I was presenting it to you so you don't have Sister Clipboard getting ticked off.
I'll have Sister Clipboard in there.
Sister Clipboard can be in there and you can use her in the emoji or whatever and play with Sister Clipboard with her clipboard or whatever you think she looks like.
I don't want you to go, That's the way I look.
Braden, you try to tell me I look like Sister Clipboard and you get offended just like what we're talking about.
You don't want to watch this anymore because now you're offended because you made Sister Clipboard look like you.
It was not me trying to make you look like Sister Clipboard.
It's our imagination of what it was.
It's not trying to pick at anybody.
So you got to make sure that you don't offend Sister Clipboard and leave because you caused one of the sheep to stumble.
It was just fun because you have all kinds of sensitive people out there.
All right, let's be serious.
Here, Braden, show them what happened today.
That was your appetizer.
I feel really strong about this offense thing.
I gave a word from the Lord a couple of weeks ago on January 12th.
I saw this in the spirit and I want you to listen to what the Lord showed me on January 12th of 2026.
Go ahead, concerning Pakistan.
Major disruptions are about to erupt in Pakistan.
I saw Pakistan very clearly.
The Lord said there are things about to take place.
Now, you say, Well, Brandon, when is that going to take place?
I don't know.
I see in part, but I saw Pakistan highlighted, Iran, Pakistan, Iran highlighted concerning Pakistan.
Did I have Afghanistan on there?
Yeah, because I spoke that too.
It's not playing it.
Afghanistan, Pakistan, Afghanistan.
And so he would bring a great shaking in the days ahead.
He talked about a great shaking in Pakistan, which I don't understand why, but that's what he said.
I just said what he said.
He hasn't had time; he's been doing school all day.
Go ahead and show them what happened just a while ago in Pakistan.
In Afghanistan, Pakistan launches strikes against Afghanistan.
Pakistan launched air strikes on Afghanistan's capital, Kabul.
It is starting to happen just like the Lord showed us on the 12th.
Pakistan struck Afghanistan today.
Reports of Pakistan Air Force air strikes targeting the leader of the Afghan Taliban, Mullah Hibatullah.
The air strike hit a target in Kandahar.
What will happen with Pakistan in the days ahead?
The Lord warned us and said this will be a retaliation.
There will be something major happen with Pakistan in the days ahead.
Pakistan strikes Kabul hours after Afghanistan attack on border troops.
Escalation of violence between the volatile neighbors makes a Qatar-mediated ceasefire appear increasingly shaky.
Pretty interesting because the Lord had us praying over Pakistan and Afghanistan.
I have had a major caution today concerning the United States striking Iran; I feel like it is imminent.
I truly believe that this is imminent.
Something major is about to take place with Iran and I believe that Ali Khamenei is about to be removed.
I believe we are about to see the man with the gray hair come on.
The same with the escalation with Cuba striking this boat and four people were taken out.
Now this is I believe an escalation of what is about to take place with Cuba.
There is major stuff happening with Cuba.
I believe that there is going to be a regime change.
There is going to be a major shaking in this area.
I keep seeing it.
How many times has the Lord brought up Cuba?
Watch Cuba.
I saw them striking us in the middle of the night with some kind of biological weapon.
It was coming and it was brought to them from Russia and I kept saying I saw it coming out with mules in the night and it looked radioactive.
That had some kind of symbol on the side of this biological whatever it was and they were hiding this weapon underneath the ground in Cuba.
Now, I believe the dragon represents something with China, but some people think it has to do with a sea spirit, a sea demonic spirit of Satan of some kind of sea serpent.
I do not follow all that stuff.
I just bind them and cast them out.
I do not try to figure out what their origin is.
I just say, Get out of here.
We anoint with oil.
We have authority over you.
I do not care if you are a flying devil or a devil that crawls.
You are a devil.
Get out.
It is a demon.
Tell it to get out of here.
I do not get into all the hyperspiritual weirdness.
Get out in the name of Jesus.
Is it a familiar spirit?
I do not care.
It is a devil.
A devil is a devil.
Jesus gave me power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions.
Nothing shall by any means hurt us.
I do not care what devil you are.
Get out in the name of Jesus.
Every name that is a name shall bow underneath the name of Jesus.
Every knee will bow.
Every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
You are a devil and you are underneath my Jesus in the name of Jesus.
I do not get it.
But there are a lot of people who try to talk about all that and they get into it and they think it is cool.
I do not.
I do not talk to devils.
I tell them to get out.
They are not my friends.
Get out in Jesus' mighty name.
We play around with stuff we have no business playing around with.
Now, I do not try to butcher anybody's name, but the man that was the devil worshipper that was into Santeria, I believe, his name was John.
John is his first name.
I do not want to butcher his last name.
I watched his video on the 666.
If your kids are into any kind of that 666 crap that they did and it was social media and exploded all over, watch that video from John that was the devil worshipper that got born again.
Amazing video.
He said when they are calling that 666, they are summoning a devil because they do not use the name.
He talks about it, but he said that they are summoning and calling each time they say those names.
I had no idea, but that video was amazing.
I went because my little girl was talking about it.
She says, Daddy, they are doing that even some kids at church.
I said, Oh, no.
But he talks about it and he would know because he was a devil worshipper and he got born again, radically saved.
So I thank God for people like that telling the body of Christ, do not touch that stuff.
He goes into all of it.
The rapper that said all of it and brought it all out, that was his last video three days ago.
He has 140,000 videos.
It should be triple or quadruple that in view count because he is trying to help folks.
John Ramirez.
I do not know about this man.
I know his testimony and I heard about it and I encourage people, you know, he is trying to help folks.
Repent if you are into that and you are wearing clothes with it on there.
We went into Anthropologie and they had it on a jersey.
It is crazy.
I said, Why?
What is up with that 666 stuff?
We do not watch all his videos, but we watch that one.
We watched that one because my daughter was telling me about it and Paisley said, Daddy, did you see this?
I said, No, I will watch it with you.
So we watched and she repented.
She is in there taking communion over it.
Oh Jesus, forgive me.
I don't open any doors.
I love her.
I said, Yes, that's the way we do it.
You repent and turn from it.
But there are so many people who play around with stuff they don't know what they're playing around with.
I don't care if it's an aqua marine spirit or whatever.
So, whatever it was coming out of the ground, that's what it was.
So, I got off track on that, but I thought it was interesting what he said about that.
So, where we are in the midst of all this stuff going on, that's where I need to go back to.
I believe we're about to see something major.
I saw that when we strike Iran, we have a red dawn experience, D-Day on our own soil.
When we struck the cartel, I said I see people being removed in the days ahead.
I saw our Secretary of State, Marco Rubio.
I saw him standing and weeping for the people of Cuba and for Mexico for a major revival.
I don't know if Marco Rubio is a born-again Christian or not, but I see light around him as I pray.
Is that something that we should keep praying over?
I really truly see him as a commander-in-chief of this nation one day.
I am praying for him to be our president.
The same with Don Jr.
I am praying for Don Jr.
to rise up and take the baton from his father.
Whether he'll do that, I don't know.
People kept saying, Who's the gecko?
I think you kind of know who I say is the lizard.
If you don't, then whatever.
I'm not going to call people's names out and sit there and call them things.
There is a chameleon in there, and it's influencing President Trump, and we must pray for President Trump to have discernment on advice that he's hearing and how he hears it on how to deal with things in the days ahead.
There are great things coming to America that I believe the body of Christ has a great opportunity to stop if we pray.
If we do not, and we put our head in the sand and don't take our authority, we're going to have hell on earth.
It takes one domino to start to fall.
As you see, I told you, remember when I gave you the word about Omar, the girl in Minnesota, and I saw the bees come up out of the ground and they started to circle her and they started to sting her for things that she had done that were wrong?
The Lord said, it's going to rain on the just and the unjust.
And you're going to see a shaking in the politics in Minnesota.
And the bees started coming and she was removed.
And I saw the governor removed.
The Lord said, Pray for Mike Lindell.
Pray for the Lindell guy, the pillow man.
Pray for him, for the Lord wants to bring righteousness and a great revival in Minnesota.
A major revival will start in Minnesota with Living Word and with our friend Max and their church.
I truly believe we're about to see the greatest revival break out in Minnesota in the days ahead.
As we see this corruption uncovered and brought to justice, I saw the revival prayer seeds that were sown in the ground at Living Word spring forth with the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
You're going to see a major revival happen in Minnesota, but God's cleaning house now.
It will be up to the people how they vote and see who they vote in next.
That lady needs to go.
Omar, as she was disruptive in the State of the Union and was acting a fool, yelling out and doing things in there.
So we see this, and this was exactly what the Lord warned us about.
Remember the bees, black and yellow bees?
They look like queen bees coming up out of the ground, and they started swarming her head.
We heard this before it was even in the news, ladies and gentlemen.
Clear back in November, I believe it was that we saw it.
We're seeing it, and now it's in the news.
Benny Johnson said President Trump's talking about making her leave the United States of America.
I don't know how he could do that.
I don't know if she's a citizen or not, but even with her corruption and all the things that they were saying, play it.
That was December 11th.
I gave this word about the bees coming up out of the ground.
I see a major window for a great victory concerning Minnesota to flip red.
There is major victory.
The people are tired of the corruption.
There's great corruption in Minnesota, and I see the girl, the African-American, she's with that thing on her head.
The squad.
I'm seeing the squad.
I see her face before me.
It's concerning corruption.
I see people are fed up with this; they want to replace her.
It's time for her to go.
I see corruption.
But out of the corruption, a hive of bumblebees springs forth.
Big black and yellow bumblebees are coming up around her concerning Minnesota.
Is she even in Minnesota?
I don't know why I'm seeing this.
She may not even be in Minnesota.
I'm telling you, you know how when you start a hive and the bees start circling you trying to sting you and you start running?
These bees are coming up out of the land.
Beautiful flowers and there's green, and the bees are coming up out of the land and they're circling this woman's head.
The Walz administration is responding today to speculation from federal authorities that fraud in Minnesota could occur.
On December 11th, we were starting to see the blade and the ear, and now we're starting to see some of the full manifestation of this word.
I truly believe her days and her political position are coming to an end soon, that the Lord is removing the chameleon corruption, and that President Trump is going to drain the swamp of America.
That takes time.
Now, this is exactly why the Lord said, I'm going to hold America accountable, the church, how you pray for him and concerning his life in the days ahead.
I saw a major plot.
Now, can you understand why, church?
Look at what's going on with all the corruption and the stuff that he's exposing, from the Epstein list and all these things that are going on.
We see the cartel leader getting taken out.
We must pray for his safety at an all-time high, especially as I believe we're about to see him take out the Ayatollah community and bring in a new government in Iran.
Now, will he push the button?
I pray he does.
The liberation; the Lord said, I'm giving the people of Iran a window of opportunity for a major revival.
Now, people say, Well, Brandon, how does Ezekiel 38 and 39 come about?
I still know it's going to happen because the Bible said it will.
But the Lord said, I don't want that any man should perish, but all come to repentance.
So regardless if we hear about this revival and this disruption that's happening right now as they're distracted with all the uprising in their nation, this is a great opportunity for the underground church of Iran to rise up.
They need signs and wonders and manifestations of the glory in the church of Iran right now.
I believe they're seeing it.
I believe they're having visitations from Jesus, angels, whatever, because I know that the coming of the Lord is sooner than what people realize.
They're not awake.
The Lord spoke to me about our time of prayer, what we're going to go to now.
Right now, praying for North Korea, praying for this.
I've talked long enough.
The Lord showed me he updated the time.
I didn't realize I've been talking an hour.
Here we go.
Let's take communion.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body.
We thank you, Lord, for all the people that are represented here tonight, Lord, that we get the job done.
That we pray, we give you glory, we give you honor, and we thank you, Lord, for the urgency of the hour.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before you, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, that by his stripes we are healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're redeemed from the curse of the law.
Amen and amen.
Lord, we take the blood.
We plead the blood of Jesus and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood and we shut the doors to anything we've opened through offense, through dishonor or whatever, Lord.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over our households, over our marriages, over our children, over our wives, over our finances.
My wife, your wives, husbands.
Sorry, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we plead the blood of Jesus over our spouses.
And we thank you Lord that no weapon formed against us will prosper.
We apply the blood over us Father in Jesus name.
We cover our families.
We cover our loved ones in the blood of Jesus.
And we thank you Lord.
It never loses its power.
And we thank you Lord for the blood of Jesus.
We enter in by the blood of the lamb.
We have been victorious by the blood of the lamb and the word of our testimony.
We have defeated him.
And we enter in, Father, by that blood.
And I cover any visions, anything you want to show me tonight.
If there's anything at all, Father, that we're quick to obey.
We're quick to listen.
We take authority over any demonic spirits uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood, Lord.
All right, you ready to go?
Let's go pray for a little bit here.
I don't know exactly where you want me to start off, Father.
So, we just lift up it.
Father, we worship you over Afghanistan and what's happening in Pakistan and what's about to take place.
I see it right there.
The two angels that will aid on ground things.
There's two angels that will aid in something that they need help with.
Now, I can't go into the depth of what they need help with, but we ask for these two angels, warring angels to go right now in the name of Jesus and protect and help pave the way.
Things are different now, he says, than what it was whenever you first saw that.
Things are different now.
It's in a different place.
It's at the right time.
Not only our troops, but Israel's troops and the relations we have with other foreign nations.
And the bombardment of missile strikes upon our aircraft carriers, our boats under the ground, things that were given from China.
We call an exposing in the name of Jesus every hidden weapon.
Every hidden weapon we pray around and about Abraham Lincoln, about George W.
Bush, about these boats, every ship, all the ships that accompany an aircraft carrier.
Every ship, every aircraft carrier, even the smallest boats to the biggest boats, every troop, the people that are helping out on deck, all of our seamen, all of our people that are in harm's way.
We protect them in the name of Jesus.
Every single one of them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We put angelic hosts around them right now in the name of Jesus over every active service member in Jesus' name on land and at sea, on our bases in Iraq, in Kuwait, in surrounding areas.
We cover our military bases in the name of Jesus.
We cover our embassies in the name of Jesus.
Every single embassy, every act of terror, we command it to fall in the name of Jesus, every assignment, every plot, every plan, every pursuit, I call you down in the name of Jesus.
On land and on air and in sea.
That's it right there.
Carrier strike groups.
We pray over every one of our carrier strike groups to be protected by the precious blood of Jesus that a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand but nothing shall come nigh them.
Every carrier strike group covered by the precious blood of Jesus that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about them right now in the name of Jesus.
That is very strong.
Do you feel that river?
If you're getting familiar, do you feel the river pulling that?
Every carrier strike group.
And when I say that this is huge over their air defense systems on all those boats.
I say in the name of Jesus, their lasers or missiles, they will not fail.
They will protect and they will even under the largest bombardment of any kind of defensive attack or after we attacking them they try to come at us.
We call their measures to fall and they fall into the ocean.
Long range air defense.
Long range.
I see the long range, but it's trying even short range, but any of it to try to come against us with any kind of bombardment of missiles, electronic warfare, that's it.
Through EMPs, through that satellite that I saw that was the umbrella of that satellite being used by China, giving them a secret advantage.
We call all secret advantages uncovered.
We call every secret advantage that they have that we don't know they have.
I call an exposing.
Expose it.
Bring it to light.
Every secret advantage, every secret plan, every secret plot, every secret thing that we don't know that they have, we call exposing of it in the name of Jesus.
Bring it to light, Lord.
Out of the darkness into the light.
Out of the darkness into light in the name of Jesus.
Over our carrier strike groups, we plead the blood.
Oh Father, the angels of the Lord.
Oh, the angels of the Lord over Israel.
Oh, the angels coming out of Damascus, coming out of the Mediterranean.
Okay, this is Turkey.
When this happens, Turkey and Syria, especially Turkey, they will beat their war drums.
We see Turkey.
It's like a powder keg of World War III.
And this will be concerning Egypt on the border of Egypt.
Even what's happened with Pakistan and Afghanistan today.
They say they know what's coming.
Do you know when you hear chatter, the chatter is at a high.
I hear the chatter is a high out of Jordan.
We pray over the airspace.
Out of Jordan we pray over the airspace.
Out of Jordan the Jordan airspace we call it safe.
The Jordan airspace safe.
Everything about Jordan.
The flight plan.
The go in the mountain and the recon missions.
The recon.
Resisting over sprays, biological sprays, biological like anthrax sprays, the praying over like mustard gas and the Agent Orange for payloads.
Payloads of gas, sear and gas.
Payloads over our troops, over our air bases.
We call that drone payloads.
I hear the word payloads and drones.
Payloads in drones.
The payloads over the pole, over sprays.
Like they are crop duster sprayers for biological weapons.
Over our battleships, these payloads I hear the word payloads not just over the missiles but over drones.
Payloads for gas rockets.
The drones that have one eye.
I see the drone that has an eye.
The payloads are like packages full of liquid.
They are a liquid.
A surprise thing.
Not missiles, but like anthrax and it causes great boils on the skin and causes death.
They cannot run from it fast enough.
You cannot run from it over Kuwait.
We pray over Kuwait.
We pray over our air bases.
We pray over our military men and women.
We pray over you.
We pray over you that the angels of the Lord.
And this is even concerning Cuba.
This is even concerning Cuba.
Amen.
Out of desperation for a regime change, a retaliation out of desperation.
I hear a retaliation out of desperation over Cuba, backed in a corner like a dog.
I see a retaliation out of desperation.
It is almost like when you say, Well, this is all we have.
It is their Hail Mary play.
I see it right now.
Do you remember Japan?
Do you remember when you back someone in a corner like this one and the regime change, they become so volatile like a dog in a junkyard fight?
Focus, I see this.
Do not lose your focus on Cuba.
And do not underestimate them.
You think their economy is coming to disruption.
They are nothing.
Their whole people are in an uprising within.
But there is great evil within with a mindset that does not care.
A mindset that is like a dog backed in a corner.
The Lord said it is with the witchcraft that is around them.
They are doing sacrificial witchcraft all around this main leader.
And they are trying to conjure up spells.
They are putting spells around him of great protection through demonic spirits.
And they are trying to do this.
They say, We will sustain you by the witchcraft of this nation.
And I see these occultic leaders putting witchcraft around this man.
But the Lord is going to bring it down tonight.
The Lord is going to bring it tonight.
He is going to liberate the people of Cuba and a great shaking will happen to their nation and a great new leader will come forth.
Contend for it.
He said contend for it.
You have to contend for it.
Pull it down.
You are dealing with mysteries.
You will fall in the name of Jesus.
You are coming tonight in the name of Jesus.
She is fighting with her claws.
Jezebel.
I see it.
It got a hold of Claudia.
She has her nails and she is bedded down and they are pulling her out of her office.
She is screaming and she has a hold and she is dragging her nails across it.
I see great digs in the soil as she is being hauled away.
I see her being dragged out like when you are pulling somebody by their feet and they are being pulled by their feet and they have their hands in the soil and their nails are dragging across the carpet and she is actually leaving marks, but there is great change and you contend for it church, contend for it.
Great change.
I call great change in Jesus name.
I call great change in Mexico.
I call great change concerning the cartel.
I call great change, for more leaders in the days ahead will fall dead.
More leaders ahead will fall dead of the cartel.
You are going to hear, I see one, I see two, I see three major leaders will fall dead in the days ahead.
The one is about to be.
You will see one.
You will see it on the news.
You will hear about it and he will be removed.
You will see another, second in command.
These ones are about to be overthrown.
And there will be mass confusion as they try to find out who is going to be the next leaders.
The leaders of this sector versus this sector.
I see this sector fighting this sector and the territorial turf wars because this one had a stronghold.
But the Lord said, I am bringing confusion in the cartel camp, for they have trafficked my children.
They have trafficked my young people and I am bringing their kingdom down in the name of Jesus.
And great revival, and it will be all throughout the area.
Do you hear me?
It will be going all through Mexico, Venezuela, Colombia, shaking, for there are different sectors of leaders.
I see these different cartel leaders and the Lord said I am shaking each one.
I am shaking each one, for there is trafficking of these young girls and young men.
Shaking, do not take your eye off of them.
The cartel as a dog is backed into a corner.
Retaliation.
I hear and see young girl ransoms.
Spring break.
You hear me?
I hear spring break resorts like Cozumel, Cancun, Costa Maya, resort islands, beachfront resorts.
Especially after this next one goes.
I see this next leader.
He is about to go and you will hear about it in the news.
I see the next one go and I see great turmoil and the cartel starting to come.
That is why I hear turf wars.
Do you remember what I told you about your own mafia, the five families?
You are going to hear more about the five.
Watch it, for they stand against the guy that is over New York.
They do not want what he wants.
It is just business.
And I hear it is just business again about the five families.
Chicago, even going out to New Orleans.
And I hear of the Costa Rica, I hear it again.
I hear the Costa Rica and they will come out to look like the good guys.
They will come to look like the good guys because you do not realize the corruption in New York.
There is great corruption in politics.
Even more so as this man, what is his name, son?
Mamdani.
Mamdani is a bad man.
The union workers in the shipping yards.
And it goes clear into Italy and this goes clear from here to Italy into the rich area.
You know what I am talking about?
Monaco.
It goes all into that area.
It goes into here and I see a shaking of people rising up.
No.
The Lord said now you uncovered this.
This is what's going to happen.
Now you're praying over Cuba.
You're praying over Cuba and a dog back in the corner and the mafia, it's all connected to the traffickers, the drug mafia traffickers.
This right here in Cuba coming from Venezuela and they're all like a triangle.
It's cutting the head off the snake.
You just got to get these leaders and once you get these leaders, you're cutting the head off the snake.
There's confusion in there for territorial wars within themselves.
Once you take out these leaders, territorial wars within themselves will start to break out.
There is a power struggle.
I hear the word power struggle.
I see Gavin's face before me.
I'm going to say this out loud.
There's certain rankings of the Illuminati.
There's certain rankings of politics in Illuminati of what they've done to get there.
Because I see these purple outfits, there's purple rope, there's different colors of rankings, there's certain politicians that become harder to touch because of the sacrifice and the satanic protection they get because of what they do for certain things concerning Moloch, the spirit that they sacrifice to Moloch.
It's that demonic spirit for child sacrifice.
It has to do with the trafficking.
But whenever I see them in this, there's certain politicians, there's certain people that almost get a demonic immunity with a covering that you're not able to touch them at a certain level because once they get to that level, people know in that community what you're able to do and what you're not to.
It's almost like you have a status, every level gets you a status with the people with the masks on their face.
I told you they had robes on and I saw them walking through and it was across America and it was in sports, it was in Hollywood, it was in politics, it was in big business.
The more you go in this, you go there from rank to rank through certain acts you do is what I'm hearing tonight.
Certain politicians are almost like you say, is this ever going to go away?
Like the Pelosis, they slither on their bellies and it seems they got an immunity.
Why aren't they in jail if they're doing all this stuff?
It seems like they just keep getting away with stuff.
It's almost like they're not touchable by judges at certain rankings is what I just saw.
And because they get to certain levels, it's almost like you have immunity in the world's eyes.
They'd have to do something really stupid on camera in front of everybody to get caught.
When I told you I heard that one lady has to have so much evidence that it's undeniable in the court system, that Pam Bondi can't just go out and do it unless the case is sealed and it was nailed tight all the way around.
The Lord said, "You must pray for her because she doesn't have enough damning information concerning some of these that it's not damning enough, so she couldn't nail the coffin shut because it wasn't completely cooked.
She had to have more because these people are so slimy.
They'll slip right through the cracks.
" They have enough evidence that if it was anybody else, they would already be in for life.
But they don't have enough for these people because they're so slimy.
Like a slimy lizard, these are like slugs.
And because a slug is so slimy, it slips through your fingers.
You can hold it and squeeze it and it goes through your fingers.
They're gross.
They're nasty.
They carry diseases.
But I'm seeing there's certain politicians that when I say he's going to slither on his belly, try to go to the White House, he'll be licking the dirt as he goes.
You said, "Why aren't these people in there?
Why do they keep getting away with this?
" Because they've done certain things in the demonic realm.
It's like they got immunity with judges because they have their hands in it.
I said this is going back generations.
The Rockefellers and the things like that the Lord was showing me, these roots go back generations and it's the devil's crowd.
But I'm telling you by the spirit of God, the reign of the just and the unjust is coming.
1 Corinthians 5:5 is coming to full fruition.
Moloch, that's what is that it?
Yeah, that's it actually.
Things are going to be shaking, y'all, and the United States of America is going to go through this metamorphosis, is what I want to call it.
The church, all of it as a whole.
The way you see it now, how everything is right now, even in America, in the days ahead, you'll look back and say, "Everything has changed.
Everything is changing.
" What we've known even in the 50s, what we need to pray for even more tonight is every plot and every plan on our own homeland's soil for our FBI, our CIA, our NSA, the chatter that they'll find it and bring them to justice, that they'll expose when they push the buttons to try to communicate, to do things simultaneously.
How they communicate with each other will be exposed by our NSA and our homeland security.
They'll find it and they'll know, just like how we busted the thing when I told you they were communicating with an underground thing.
They busted the thing in New York before all this, back in November.
So, they found all that secret communication and the Lord said there's some in Chicago, there's some in Seattle, there's some across the nation.
There's more than one communication thing like they found in New York.
There are other places with the SIM cards.
Lord, that's what we're going to pray.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, that they find every single secret communication device, that all our FBI is sharp.
Father, they're not distracted.
Our homeland security, our local law enforcement, our sheriff's department, our even our highway patrol would be so alert.
They would have eyes to see and they would know where the tunnels are, the tunnels going across the border into Mexico for the smuggling and the trafficking.
Father, every tunnel, every single way of trying to be like rats underneath the surface will be exposed in Jesus' name.
We believe that, Father, there's no place for these cockroaches to hide.
That every one of these cockroaches will be brought to the surface in the name of Jesus and that Father, our local law enforcement will find them and bring them to justice before they are able to do anything to any innocent civilian.
We believe Father that the hand of the Lord is upon those that are trying to do evil against our nation.
We believe, Father, that the hand of the Lord is on those that are trying to do mass destruction and chaos in Chicago, in our subway system in New York, in our subway system in Washington DC, in our subway systems in Boston.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan of mass destruction or calamity in any way is found out way before they ever try to do it.
That their information will be leaked and there will be mass chaos in their camps in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, for every one of our law enforcement right now.
We ask you to protect the NYPD, the LAPD, and all of them.
Father, the Secret Service.
We thank you, Lord, for the Secret Service, the best secret service that we have.
We have Secret Service angels and we have Secret Service men and women who are protecting our president.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he is always in the right place at the right time.
He moves his head.
He does things.
He is protected, just like he was on July 13th.
Protected because he turned his head at the right time.
He moves his body, for those who are led by the spirit of God are the sons of God.
And I believe, Father, that you have the heart of our president right now and that he is led by the spirit of God, led by the spirit of God.
And he will be the son of God.
I believe he is radically born again, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Father, I pray for Ivanka.
I pray for Tiffany.
I pray for Barron.
I pray for Don.
I pray for Eric.
I pray for Kai.
I pray for all of them.
Father, that they are always in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you called them to do.
That you protect his children and that there will be no mass casualties of any kind on his kids or his grandkids or his marriage.
In Jesus' name, the hand of the Lord is all around and about our first lady and the children, and even the vice president's wife and kids.
We thank you, Lord, that there is protection over them.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you shake JD Vance and you bring him closer to your side.
That he will have a greater relationship with you than ever before, Father, and that he would be a great leader to our nation as vice president.
Thank you, Lord, for our leaders of our nation, for our Senate and our House.
That, Father, we will have the greatest red wave this nation has ever seen in November.
Father, that men and women will rise up and run for office with a backbone like a crowbar.
That Father, they will stand for our Constitution, that they will stand for the Bill of Rights, that they will stand, Father, for the laws of the land and they will not falter with their own demonic agenda.
Father, raising up people that stand against abortion, stand against the things that are ungodly.
Father, that we will have one nation under God that is on fire for you.
That, Father, we will have one more push, one great revival from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf all the way to Canada.
A major revival over this nation in the name of Jesus.
I believe Canada, the Father, will find you in some way.
No matter how dark I see that man's heart, Father, you prick the heart of the solid rock.
I thank you, Father, that there is no heart too hard for you.
That the prime minister, Father, he is on fire for you.
And that, Father, he will not persecute the church of Canada through the laws that I see coming even over the next six months and being talked about.
I thank you, Father, that the church rises up and they will stand against it in Ontario, all the way across British Columbia.
That is where the Blue Jays play.
It is all right.
All over that area.
I thank you, Father.
That is Ontario, right?
Toronto, Ontario.
We thank you, Father, that Toronto has a major revival.
We thank you, Lord, that Pittsburgh has a major revival.
We thank you, Lord, that New York and Buffalo have a major revival.
Father, you are not finished with America yet.
We thank you, Father, from sea to shining sea.
Father, all over Canada, a major revival takes place.
A shaking of Canada, a shaking over their nation, a shaking in their pastors.
Father, that they would preach righteousness and truth no matter the hard times and persecution.
Even in England, Father, I thank you, Lord, that they tell the people that it is not a hate crime to tell people the truth of what the Bible says.
That, Father, we tell the people because we are running out of time.
Jesus is coming.
Father, I call a revival all throughout Asia.
And I pray over Taiwan.
I thank you, Lord, that Taiwan will stand strong and China will not take Taiwan.
There is a bloodline around Taiwan and Taiwan will rise up in the name of Jesus and stand for what they know to stand for.
I pray over South Korea.
I pray over North Korea that Kim Jong-un is removed, that his tyrant sisters are removed, that his tyrant government comes to naught, that the iron curtain comes down in North Korea.
We call major revival all over for our brothers and sisters in North Korea in the name of Jesus.
That a major move of God is coming to North Korea right now in the name of Jesus.
I am going to pray over North Korea.
I lift up North Korea before you, Father.
For all over South Korea, we call a major shaking to awaken over South Korea, over Seoul, Korea.
We call a stirring in the church.
A stirring in the church.
We call a stirring in the church of South Korea.
It spreads all throughout Japan and a shaking is happening in Japan.
A shaking is coming.
A shaking is coming across the land.
A fire in them in the name of Jesus.
A fire in them in the church of South Korea.
We call a fire in them in the name of Jesus.
Healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory all throughout South Korea.
Oh, that they would arise and shine for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen all in South Korea.
Oh, and it would spread all throughout North Korea.
We call in North Korea.
Thank you, Father, that some of them who are in power one day will be brought down to nothing within an hour.
Those that are in power will be brought down to nothing within an hour.
I call this so in Jesus' name that those that are in power will be brought down within one hour.
A shaking in North Korea within that hour, a shaking in the hour.
They were there and done.
Some will not wake up the next day.
It is time for a shaking in that nation, a shaking in their politics, a shaking and for the iron curtain to come down.
We call him to be removed.
We speak, Father, that your angels of the Lord are manifesting and making war against those demonic spirits that possess and oppress those people.
And we thank you, Lord, that there is a major heavenly war that is taking place right now over the atmosphere of North Korea.
Fighting for the souls of man, fighting for the souls of the young, for the lost.
Calling the lost saved.
Calling a major revival and a harvest of souls over North Korea in the name of Jesus Christ.
The iron curtain is coming down.
And it starts with the north and then it starts with the south and they meet in the middle.
Shaking.
Father, you desire that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
And we call it all throughout Brazil.
We call Brazil.
We call a major revival in Brazil.
We call great revival all throughout Colombia, all throughout South America from the tip all the way to the top.
We call it in the name of Jesus.
A major revival all throughout South America.
In the name of Jesus.
We call revival over them today.
We call a shaking of the nations.
We call a shaking of the nation and that continent.
We call a shaking in the name of Jesus.
All throughout Africa, all throughout South America, we call a shaking all throughout South Africa, all the way around.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for a great great revival.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, for a revival starting in Australia.
We call a revival in Australia.
We stir a revival in Australia.
Oh God, I thank you, Lord, all throughout Sydney.
We call forth a revival.
We call revival in Jesus' name.
Stir in them.
Father, stir in our brothers and sisters from way down south.
Father, we call a stirring in Jesus' name.
A fire of the Holy Ghost, a fire of the Holy Ghost stirring in them all throughout the land in Jesus' name.
We call Omar to resign.
We call her to resign, for the pressure will come on her so strong that she'll resign for the corruption that is in Minnesota.
We call the corruption to be uncovered.
We call it to be uncovered all throughout the state, the senate, the house, all of it.
We call it to be uncovered.
We call the Senate and all the corruption of the finances to be exposed in Michigan, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Los Angeles, and Nevada.
We call an exposing of all this corruption in the name of Jesus all throughout New York.
Father, it just takes one little door, and Father, I thank you, Lord, that it swings wide and the corruption is brought forth in the name of Jesus and it's exposed and cleansed.
We thank you, Lord, that there'll not be anywhere for them to hide.
We give you praise for it, Lord, and we know it's not too hard for you, that your hand is on this in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, as we get ready to close up the month of February and we enter into March, the third month.
Father, we're so grateful for all that you've done this month.
We're so grateful for all that you continue to do in this nation.
We ask you to keep President Trump strong, that he finishes his race.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you shake the bride and you bring her to your side.
A wound will not be fatal.
The wound will not be fatal, whatever that is.
Lord God, I thank you, Lord, that you shake this church, but you protect President Trump and there'll be a shaking in this land all throughout 2026.
We thank you, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Everyone say amen and amen concerning that.
I'm seeing right now even as I'm talking, I'm looking into our strike groups.
You know I'm talking about our battleships.
I see the battleships and it's very clear.
This is very, very serious to protect Abraham Lincoln and these other strike groups, these boats and our bases closest to Iran.
The bases closest to Iran, praying over our bases.
If there's any people in them, now, I don't know if you would have evacuated those by now, but I pray over every base.
Oh Father, we thank you, praying over Jordan.
Pray over Jordan.
We pray over Jordan.
We pray over their airspace.
Pray over Jordan.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord, for Jordan.
We thank you, Lord, for the hearts of the people of Jordan.
We pray over Syria that the people over Syria, we pray over it.
Oh Father, I thank you, Lord.
Damascus.
Oh Father, I still feel like I need to play this song and listen to it one more time just to get a little bit of it.
There's something about it that attracts to the flesh and it's not bringing attention to us.
It's always about Jesus.
But just worshiping Him and this song has ministered to me so much today.
But there's something about it, and I just play a little bit right here.
Spirit come as I lift my hands to you.
Holy Spirit, come as I lift my soul to you.
As I lift my soul to you, I can feel your spirit come.
Spirit, as I lift my hands to you, as I sing my song to you.
As I sing my song to you, I can feel your spirit.
Spirit, as I lift my hands to you.
Holy Spirit come as I sing my song to you.
As I sing my song to you, I can feel your spirit.
Spirit come as I speak to you.
I can feel your spirit.
This morning you want the spirit with the spirit of God.
As I want you to sing with me as I feel your spirit as I lift my hands.
I love that song.
I've listened to it probably 50 times today.
I kid you not.
I played it all night long on repeat.
It pulls me in.
I love it.
I love Mountain of the Lord until I found that.
And I don't even know how I found that.
It just played out one day when I was after Mountain of the Lord it came on.
I was like, Oh, that's it.
It's certain notes that he hits when he hits it prophetically.
You can feel it when he worships.
We just yield to the anointing of the prophetic, Father.
We yield, Father.
We warn the people what to pray.
We pray as a family today.
Has there been anything happened, son?
That's how close I'm telling you I feel that it's about to happen.
Has any of our planes done anything?
I've been waiting for it.
That's how intense I have felt it all day to pray over our troops, to pray over our boats, to pray over Cuba.
Like something major is about to take place in the Middle East.
I mean, we are on the verge.
I feel like it's rice paper for them.
Like I'm not surprised we haven't heard anything.
Oh Father, I thank you.
Spirit come as I lift my hands to you.
Holy Spirit, come as I lift my hands to you.
As I lift my hands to you, I can feel your spirit come.
Holy Spirit come.
Is there anything?
No.
It's always the issue that after Don A.
gave me that Iranian guy on his you know what I'm talking about, that news guy.
Yeah, he has that YouTube and he always is interesting.
I had to look at the words.
He says they're unavailable.
Oh Father, you okay?
I love you.
We already.
What's the end of it?
We're good.
I was waiting to see if he showed me anything else about it.
I just feel the pressure, the weight, the heavy it's the glory, the weightiness of the glory.
That's the way I want to say it.
Father, we worship you.
Holy Spirit come.
Can we one more time?
Spirit come as I lift my hands to you.
Holy Spirit, come as I lift my song to you.
As I lift my song to you, I can feel your spirit come.
Spirit come as I lift my hands to you.
Spirit come as I sing my song to you.
As I sing my song to you, I can feel your spirit come.
Spirit come as I lift my hands to you.
Holy Spirit, come as I sing my song to you.
As I sing my song to you, I can feel your spirit come.
Thank you, Father.
Spirit, as I lift my hands to you.
I can feel your spirit.
Everybody, as I lift my hand to you, the spirit of God.
Spirit, as I lift my soul to you.
I want you to sing with me.
As I sing my song to you, I can feel your spirit.
As I lift my hands to you, calling unto thee.
I want you to lift your hands up.
I want you to lift your voice up to give praise today.
I love it.
Father, we just thank you, Lord.
We thank you for heavenly worship, for the new sounds that are about to invade this earth, songs straight out of your throne room.
Father, just songs that are just pleasing to you that just worship you and just bring you glory for you alone are worthy of all our praise.
You alone are worthy of all our worship.
We're so grateful for tonight.
We're so grateful, Father, for this time.
We're so grateful, Father, for the time of praise and worship with you that we just sit at your feet.
We just sit at your feet and we take all our stuff and we put it at Father's feet.
Say, Father, we thank you that you fix it.
You fix our messes.
All that's going on in this world right now.
Nothing has happened.
It's like I can see it, buddy.
I pray over those ground troops.
I pray over people.
I pray over them.
Father, I pray over them.
Father, that the angels of the Lord are kept around our men and women of service, our Navy Seals.
I pray over them.
I pray a hedge around and about them in Jesus' name.
I pray over Israel's secret people.
I pray a hedge around and about them in Jesus' name, over Israel's skies, over their Iron Dome, over the Golden Dome, over all of it.
Father, we pray a hedge of protection round and about them in Jesus' mighty name.
We pray over our Coast Guard around Miami.
We pray over our Coast Guard that they see anybody moving in the night and that everything is brought to light in Jesus' name.
The river of that is so intense.
Do you feel it?
I feel it.
It pulls so hard tonight as I lift my hands to you, Lord.
Father, we worship you for a great nation.
Holy Spirit, come.
We give you all the glory, the honor, and the praise.
I pray over those boats, over our aircraft carriers, and over biological weapons.
I pray that every biological payload falls into the ocean.
Over our boats and over our bases, you protect every single one of them.
Father, angels of the Lord are camping around about them.
No weapon formed against them will prosper.
Father, we worship you.
This is an arrogant display.
I will let you all go.
I will keep praying.
Keep praying.
The pulse is very intense.
Remember I told you there are certain pulses that we pray, and when we hit those pulses, we can feel it go; it is a very intense pulse.
This is one that is so intense right now.
I feel like I am having you search the news as I am telling you.
I feel it is about to happen.
It is very intense, and it concerns these drones with biological payloads regarding our men and women of service.
It is some kind of yellowed liquid to spray and gas to try to hurt our people, our bases, and our areas.
It is biological, chemical warfare.
We love every single one of you.
Thank you for coming out tonight.
We are so grateful for every one of you every time.
There are 7,100 of you right now, and we are so grateful that you would pray with us and spend your night praying over it with us.
It is such an honor.
China is close to allowing Iran to buy supersonic anti-ship missiles.
Reports.
This is what I am talking about.
It is secret things that they do not know.
I told you they are bringing them on.
They see these big airplanes in the middle of the night.
It was a surprise.
When I was in the spirit, I saw the surprise like Pearl Harbor.
That was such an intense pull.
Do not underestimate your enemy.
Never look at the top, thinking you are the big guy on campus.
You need to realize that the nerdy guy at the table is the one who has the secret power.
You do not know it.
It is not funny.
It is very serious.
We love you all.
We will close it there.
We could pray into this all night long, but sometimes you just unhook.
I will keep praying as I was before.
Keep praying over our boats.
It is very serious about our boats tonight.
Pray over your boats.
Pray over our air bases.
We love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Remember, we love you and Jesus loves you.
We will see you again.